## Meeting January 12, 2026

Attendees:

- @Dejan
- @Amanda
- @BenF
- @RichardB

Agenda:

1. Demo

- Quick demo of the website of homepage, including mobile and dark mode
- Quick demo of sanity CMS
- Contact forms including Robot Detection


2. Managing features and content model

News:

- How should we manage which news is featured in the carousel? Should this configuration be on each article or on the homepage model?

Sponsors:

- There are different sponsor types (e.g. Gold, Silver, Bronze - but I need help with naming). Or maybe we don't need type at all? How many sponsors do we have? Should only some of them be featured on the home page? Should there be a specific place for a "special" sponsor?

Key dates:

- Adrian mentioned that parents would want access to upcoming key dates. Would there be some key dates during the entire year and if not, what happens to the key dates section?
- If key dates are important, should it have its own menu item?

Events:

- There is a prototype in the works for events but I'm questioning whether it should just be an article in the news.
- There are probably times in the year when there are no events, does that mean users would see an empty page? That's not a great experience.

Match reports:

- Ben F showed a desire to create match reports. Could we nominate someone to lead this?
- There's a couple ways to achieve this. We could make a custom match report content model that allows specific entry for home team, away team, team logos, scores and a really nice layout. OR we could just expand the news / article but then they have to be bundled with the news sections.
